I just saw this delightful Japanese feature film at the 5th Annual Roger Ebert Overlooked Film Festival in the historic Virginia Theatre in Champaign, Illinois.Although this film, subtitled in English, has ballroom dancing as its heart, the film actually shows the world outside of Japan how the rigid structures of family, employment (salaryman), and recreation still exist in Modern day Japan.Writer/director Suo Masauki [I follow Japanese custom of presenting the family name (last name) first and the given name (last)] uses the not so very popular theme of ballroom dancing to show the societal structure of Japan. [Also, I shall not use the movie character names when world readers may not be familiar with Japanese formal names which may confuse. I will refer to theactors by their professional acting name as listed in the Internet Data Movie Base.] He enlists the aid of his real-life wife, professional ballet dancer Kusakari Tamiyo in her first and, so far, only motion picture. She is a dance teacher at her father's dance studio. Yet, her real ambition is to compete once more in an International Dance Competition which she was disqualified from in the past. No, I won't say "why." See the movie.Salaryman Yakusyo Koji is the main star of the film. A veteran of about 25 films since 1979, he gives a sterling performance of a 40's something companymanwho has a lovely wife, teenage daughter, and just purchased the house of hislonging.And, yet, something is missing from his own inner happiness. See this film to learn how he becomes "involved" with ballroom dancing and secretly goes tolessons. Most of the dancing characters are liberated from the traditionalJapanese hierarchy of social structure. They are friendly and warm and inviting. Of course, this is in sharp contrast to how Japanese society is structured with it's "place for everyone and everyone in its place" philosophy.The movie has so many funny moments. The almost 1,500 theater goers brokeinto spontaneous laughter during many of the comedic moments. This provesthat comedy has no foreign language. Veteran actor Takenaka Naoto is funny and brilliant as well as Watanabe Eriko. They are two funny character actors.One could purchase and read a college text book regarding the structure of life in Japan, or, you could watch this fine film and begin to understand how thepeople of Japan grow up in a fairly rigid societal structure. Watching the movie "Shall we Dansu?" is a quick immersion into further study and viewing otherJapanese films. I recommend this film to all. It's funny, it's charming, it will make you cry a little, and it will warm your heart.