Amazing. That's what you'd say if you sat through this film. Simply, incredibly, amazing. It's actually so amazing that anyone was stupid enough to dump money into making this monstrosity that you simply can't believe what you're seeing. That, my friends, is what is truly scary about this film. Somebody thought it was a good idea to make it. Well, here's another amazingly original story: High School student (occasionally seemed like college—go figure) has whore for a mom, lives in a trailer park, and is an "artist" who is ridiculed for his "being all different." Well, of course, this poor ridiculed boy is eventually killed and, here's the original part, his soul inhabits a scarecrow (beneath which, he is killed by his slutty mama's latest john). Then he goes around with the standard killing off of all the people that done hurt him. Awww.Here's the breakdown:The Good:--Amazingly funny movie—even if that's not what the clearly drunk filmmakers wanted.--This and the sequel on one disk in the Wal-Mart $5.00 bin—so it's only a little overpriced.Didn't Hurt It, Didn't Help:--The violence and gore are kind of sub-standard. One person is stabbed with a corncob.--Sounds like they put some effort into the music—but it doesn't really fit the movie—and isn't all that good.The Bad:--Terrible, terrible acting.--Another slasher let-down with sexy women—none of them removing clothing. When did that cease being a staple of low-brow slashers??--Ridiculous story.--The scarecrow vomits up one-liners that would make Freddy Krueger and Arnold Swartzenegger blush.--Standard underlying love story goes nowhere, and is poorly done.--Some of the people killed seem like they were chosen at random—you never really know who anybody is and then they're killed. And you only assume that they must've had it coming.The Ugly:--Extremely average slasher fare, just with a murdering scarecrow instead of…
 well, all that other crap.--Nowhere near as interesting as Freddy Krueger, Jason Voorhees, Pinhead, Chucky, or even Angela from the "Sleepaway Camp" series—all of which are better than this atrocity.--The absolute worst dialogue I have ever heard in my LIFE. The script is laden with a level of retardedness that I never imagined could exist. I'm serious here—it's a full step beyond terrible. Don't get me wrong, though, it's funny as hell—but I've never heard more asinine banter—even in "Slumber Party Massacre III." This film makes "Jason X" look like Shakespeare.--The man who kills the boy that becomes the scarecrow: Worst wig ever. Dialogue to match.Memorable Scene:--The one where elementary-school youths spew out their own witty dialogue: "Hey, let's go find small animals to torture. Huh huh."Acting: 3/10 Story: 3/10 Atmosphere: 2/10 Cinematography: 1/10 Character Development: 2/10 Special Effects/Make-up: 5/10 Nudity/Sexuality: 1/10 (No nudity, Mom's a whore, girls wear no bras) Violence/Gore: 5/10 (Low quality, mediocre amount) Dialogue: 0/10 (Extremely ridiculous, blatant, over-the-top and painfully funny—so bad it's good. My first rating for dialogue in any film!) Music: 5/10 Direction: 2/10Cheesiness: 10/10 Crappiness: 9/10Overall: 3/10Another one for just people like me who enjoy watching pure crap. Or Slasher-film completists. This is not a good movie, at all. Laughable dialogue and characters keep it from being truly boring.www.ResidentHazard.com